We resorted to this as a
safe haven, our last refuge,
in the heart of the
church, in the heart of the house of
God, here
I am, here I am, for those
who are in
their hands due to the
Israeli aggression on the Gaza Strip, on the church of St.
Perlis,
Suhail Ramez Al
-Suri, Julie Ramez Al-Suri, and Majd Ramez Al-
Suri, this
place that was
bombed, a
place all
civilian, nothing.  This picture belongs to any
soldier.
This picture is far from blind. This is the glory of this
bird. Oh, what
child
was disfigured. His image was disfigured and
he died. His stomach was burned.
Splinters. The
girl’s head was bruised and
mutilated.
[Music]
In the name of Suhail. I took him out with my own hands from among the
rescued. This one came out with
his head bruised and his wages were
also
almost
cut off. A bride, a bride,
we beat.  An angel
from the angels of
Paradise.
An angel. She is an angel. She is an angel. They
line up the angels. They followed us. They bombed them. They killed them for me without a previous visitor. They killed our children, our children, our cousins. [Laughter] What a horror I am looking for. Yes, this is the shelter. It
is the church that
followed us. What is our entrance? We enter to pray. We enter to pray.
We rejoice, how are you feeling? He took
my children and
kidnapped them